Various changes for paper revision (#28)
greenelab/biopriors-review: content/07.conclusion.md

As the quantity and richness of biomedical data has increased, sequence repositories and interaction databases have expanded and become more robust.
This raises opportunities to integrate these resources into the structure of machine learning models.
There have been several past attempts to benchmark and compare approaches to integrating structured data into predictive models in biomedicine, including the evaluation in [@doi:10.1371/journal.pone.0034796] and more recent studies in [@arxiv:1905.02295] and [@arxiv:1910.09600].

> Going forward, building on and broadening benchmarking efforts such as these will be vital, improving our understanding of the suitability of problem domains and datasets for the classes of methods described in this review.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Extending and broadening benchmarking efforts such as these will be vital, improving our understanding of the suitability of problem domains and datasets for the classes of methods described in this review.
```

One small suggested change.

Author: Looks good to me!
